Description:
    The trestle generator (an adaptation of the Rails scaffold generator)
    creates a controller to interact with a model. If the model does not exist,
    it creates the model as well. The generated code is equivalent to the
    "scaffold :model" declaration, making it easy to migrate when you wish to
    customize your controller and views.
    
    The generator takes a model name, an optional controller name, and a
    list of views as arguments. Trestled actions and views are created
    automatically. Any views left over generate empty stubs.
    
    The trestled actions are:
        index, add_new, edit, destroy
    
    The trestled views are:
        _index_without_id, _index_with_id, add_new, edit
    
    If a controller name is not given, the plural form of the model name
    will be used. The model and controller names may be given in CamelCase
    or under_score and should not be suffixed with 'Model' or 'Controller'.
    Both model and controller names may be prefixed with a module like a
    file path; see the Modules Example for usage.
    
    Why use the trestle generator instead of the scaffold generator? The trestle
    generator produces code that is closer to production-quality in two
    respects:
    
    * Safety: the trestle generator uses the HTTP POST method for actions that
      change data
      
      Well-behaved web applications protect themselves against errant GET
      requests (such as come from Google Web Accelerator and the like). The
      scaffold generator fails to do this.
      
    * Simplicity: the trestle generator produces controllers with just four
      actions (index, add_new, edit, and destroy)
      
      Controllers produced by the scaffold generator have eight actions. Fewer
      actions exposed to the outside world is better if the behavior of these
      actions is in line with the semantics of GET and POST.
    
    The net effect is that you will not have to throw away or tweak as much
    trestle-generated code as you do scaffold-generated code. Less work for you
    means your application gets built sooner and better.

Example:
    ./script/generate trestle Account Bank debit credit
    
    This will generate an Account model and BankController with a full test
    suite and a basic user interface. Now create the accounts table in your
    database and browse to http://localhost/bank/ -- voila, you're on Rails!

Modules Example:
    ./script/generate trestle CreditCard 'admin/credit_card' suspend late_fee
    
    This will generate a CreditCard model and CreditCardController controller
    in the admin module.
